5
Albert Einstein; The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.
Robert M. Drake; You are only as free as you think you are and freedom will always be as real as you believe it to be.
Oscar Wilde; Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.
Soren Kierkegaard; Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
Joshua Marine; Challenges are what make life interesting. Overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
Omar Khayyam; Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life.
Maya Angelou; Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
Baruch Spinoza; All things excellent are as difficult as they are rare.
Farraj Gray; Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.
Winston Churchill; We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Robert Brault; Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
Buddha; You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
Jim Rohn; When you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you’ll find a way to get it.
Bob Marley; The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.
Mark Twain; The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
Bryant H. McGill; It is better to have a meaningful life and make a difference than to merely have a long life.
Albert Camus; Always go too far, because that’s where you’ll find the truth.
C. S. Lewis; Humility is not thinking less of yourself, it’s thinking of yourself less.
Adam Dzadon; It is not important where are you, but who are you with.
Harper Lee; Many receive advice, only the wise profit from it.
Duane Elgin; What matters most in life is often invisible.
Lolly Daskal; When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
Michel Angelo; The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it but that it is too low and we reach it.
Oprah Winfrey; The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.
Albert Einstein; Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.
Tom Wilson; You can complain because roses have thorns, or you can rejoice because thorns have roses.
Tony Robbins; No matter how many mistakes you make or how slow you progress, you are still way ahead of everyone who isn’t trying.
George Bernard Shaw; Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Abraham Lincoln; Have I not destroyed my enemy when I have made him into my friend?
Peace Pilgrim; If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought.
Pablo Picasso; Everything you can imagine is real.
Seneca; We suffer more often in imagination than in reality.
Edward Abbey; Better a cruel truth than a comfortable delusion.
Neil Strauss; Every strength is also a weakness. The opposite is true as well.
Gabby Bernstein; Your positive energy leaves a powerful impression on the world.
Albert Einstein; Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
Plato; The first and greatest victory is to conquer self.
